# v2.0.0
This version is a rework of Hazel's core from a single Gradle project into pieces that can be abstracted.

## Features
- 🎉 **Frontend UI** - This is an experimental frontend UI to access your data within hazel. You can access it from the `config.frontend` variable.
                       By default, it doesn't use the static assets generated from [./client](https://github.com/auguwu/hazel/master/tree/client), so
                       you will see a plain JSON element rather than a fancy UI.

- **Keystore** - Since the early development of hazel, there was a Java Keystore wrapper to handle user authentication for CRUD operations, but was later
                 scrapped due to no idea on how to access it. hazel v2 now includes a CLI to handle this types of operations, and new endpoints that only
                 authenticated users can access with roles and such. You can access a user's role using `hazel keystore roles <user>`, you can update a user's
                 roles using `hazel keystore roles <user> add [...roles]`, you can add a user using `hazel keystore add-user <username> [password]`.
                 
- **CLI** - There is now a CLI to interact with the keystore and bootstrapping the server. You can use the `hazel server` command to run the server
            without any issues. It also supports PowerShell (by running `./bin/hazel.ps1 server`).
            
- **User Authentication and Roles** - You can now assign users to interact with your CDN with the Java Keystore. The roles have different functionalities like
                                      the **admin** role can do any basic operation (create, delete, modify data), and access the administration dashboard to see fancy graphs,
                                      the **editor** role can modify and delete data, but it cannot create data, the **guest** role is used that everyone can only view the data
                                      from the store but nothing else.
